docs/src/content/docs/attribution.mdx, before:

---
title: Attribution
description: A list of people and libraries that helped make this project possible.
---


## People

Special thanks go to [HiDeoo](https://github.com/HiDeoo) for allowing me to use the [Starlight Rapide Theme](https://starlight-theme-rapide.vercel.app/)
as a template for this project, which made it much easier to get started with the project.
In particular, most of the examples and some of the styles are completely taken from the Rapide theme --
all occurrences of this are marked in the code with a comment.

I'd also like to thank all the helpful people in the [Astro Discord](https://discord.gg/astro),
such as [Delucis](https://github.com/delucis) and [Kapaai](https://www.kapa.ai/)
for helping me to figure out how to solve some of the more difficult problems I encountered,
and giving many helpful suggestions on how to improve the project

Finally, I'd also like to thank [mProjectsCode](https://github.com/mProjectsCode),
for proving much-needed feedback on the project.


## Code
This project is inspired by [Obsidian Publish](https://obsidian.md/publish) websites,
but in no way does it use any code from it.

The centered reading mode is originally inspired by the [csmos](https://csmos.space/docs) website,
but has been reworked to result in as few conflicts as possible with the default Starlight theme.

A lot of the examples have been copied from the [Starlight Rapide Theme](https://github.com/HiDeoo/starlight-theme-rapide),
as well as some particular styles for elements (such as the sidebar and gradient line for the steps element).

Commit message:

docs: improve attribution for pages docs: add additional resources that integrate well with the theme docs: improve wording in several places

docs/src/content/docs/attribution.mdx, after:

---
title: Attribution
description: A list of people and libraries that helped make this project possible.
---


## People

Special thanks go to [HiDeoo](https://github.com/HiDeoo) for allowing me to use the [Starlight Rapide Theme](https://starlight-theme-rapide.vercel.app/)
as a template for this project, which has made it much easier to get started on this project.
In particular, most of the examples and some of the styles are based on those found in the Rapide theme —
all occurrences of this are marked in the code with a comment.

I'd also like to thank all the helpful people in the [Astro Discord](https://discord.gg/astro),
such as [Delucis](https://github.com/delucis) and [Kapaai](https://www.kapa.ai/)
for helping me to figure out how to solve some of the more difficult problems I encountered,
and giving many helpful suggestions on how to improve the project

Finally, I'd also like to thank [mProjectsCode](https://github.com/mProjectsCode),
for proving much-needed feedback on the project.


## Code
This project is inspired by [Obsidian Publish](https://obsidian.md/publish) websites,
but no code or assets have been used from it.

The centered reading mode is originally inspired by the csmos website (website no longer available),
but has been reworked to result in as few conflicts as possible with the default Starlight theme.

Many examples have been copied over from the [Starlight Rapide Theme](https://github.com/HiDeoo/starlight-theme-rapide),
as well as some particular styles for elements (such as the sidebar and gradient line for the steps element).
