docs/src/content/docs/getting-started.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting Started
description: Learn how to use the Starlight Obsidian theme in your Starlight site.
---

A [Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build) theme inspired by the style of [Obsidian Publish](https://obsidian.md/publish) websites.
This project is in no way affiliated with [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/).

Various [examples](/starlight-theme-obsidian/examples/asides/) are provided to showcase changes made by the theme.

## Prerequisites

You will need to have a Starlight website set up.
If you don't have one yet, you can follow the ["Getting Started"](https://starlight.astro.build/getting-started) guide in the Starlight docs to create one.

:::caution[Warning]
This theme requires a [Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build) version of at least `^0.28.0` - due to the use of the i18next localization system
in several components. An [Astro](https://astro.build) version equal or higher than `^4.14.0` is also required.

New features for this plugin will only be added to recent versions of Starlight/Astro, backwards compatibility is not guaranteed.
Refer to the [CHANGELOG](/starlight-theme-obsidian/changelog) for more information about specific changes.
:::

## Installation

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'
import { PackageManagers } from 'starlight-package-managers'

<Steps>
    1. The Starlight Obsidian theme is a Starlight [plugin](https://starlight.astro.build/reference/plugins/) that you can install using your favorite package manager:
        <PackageManagers pkg="starlight-theme-obsidian" />
    2. Configure the plugin in your Starlight [configuration](https://starlight.astro.build/reference/configuration/#plugins) in the `astro.config.mjs` file.
        ```diff lang="js"
            // astro.config.mjs
            import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
            import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
        +   import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

            export default defineConfig({
                integrations: [
                    starlight({
        +               plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian()],
                        title: 'My Docs',
                    }),
                ],
            })
        ```
	3. Add the Obsidian Theme [content schema](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/#defining-a-collection-schema)
		to your pages to enable type checking on the page's frontmatter, you will need to
		define the `src/content/config.ts` file if it doesn't exist yet.
		```diff lang="ts"
		// content/docs/config.ts
		+	import { docsSchema } from '@astrojs/starlight/schema';
		+	import { defineCollection } from 'astro:content';
		+	import { pageThemeObsidianSchema } from 'starlight-theme-obsidian/schema';
		+
		+	export const collections = {
		+		docs: defineCollection({
		+			schema: docsSchema({
		+				extend: pageThemeObsidianSchema
		+			})
		+		})
		+	};
		```
    4. [Start the development server](https://starlight.astro.build/getting-started/#start-the-development-server) to preview the theme in action.
</Steps>

That's it! You should now see the Starlight Obsidian theme applied to your Starlight website.

You can now further configure the theme and the graph component in the sidebar by following the [configuration](/starlight-theme-obsidian/configuration/graph/) guide.

:::note
If you want to _disable_ the graph and backlinks components which are added by default, you can do so by applying the following settings:
```diff lang="js"
// astro.config.mjs
import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

export default defineConfig({
    integrations: [
        starlight({
            plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                   backlinks: false,
+                   graph: false
            })],
            title: 'My Docs',
        }),
    ],
})
```
:::

Commit message:

docs: improve attribution for pages docs: add additional resources that integrate well with the theme docs: improve wording in several places

docs/src/content/docs/getting-started.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting Started
description: Learn how to use the Starlight Obsidian theme in your Starlight site.
---

The Starlight Obsidian Theme is a [Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build) theme inspired by the style of [Obsidian Publish](https://obsidian.md/publish) websites.
This project is in no way affiliated with [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/).

Various [examples](/starlight-theme-obsidian/examples/asides/) are provided to showcase how the theme will display content.

## Prerequisites

You will need to have a Starlight website set up.
If you don't have one yet, follow the ["Getting Started"](https://starlight.astro.build/getting-started) guide from the official Starlight docs to create one.

:::caution[Warning]
The latest version of this theme requires a [Starlight](https://starlight.astro.build) version of at least `^0.33.0` (and Astro `^5.5.0`).
Some older versions of Starlight are supported in previous releases of this theme, but they will not receive any new features or
bug fixes.

New features for this plugin will only be added to recent versions of Starlight/Astro, backwards compatibility is not guaranteed,
and in many cases, this will break due to breaking changes in the downstream packages.
Refer to the [CHANGELOG](/starlight-theme-obsidian/changelog) for more information about specific changes.
:::

## Installation

import { Steps } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'
import { PackageManagers } from 'starlight-package-managers'

<Steps>
    1. The Starlight Obsidian theme is a Starlight [plugin](https://starlight.astro.build/reference/plugins/) that you can install using your favorite package manager:
        <PackageManagers pkg="starlight-theme-obsidian" pkgManagers={["npm", "pnpm", "yarn", "bun"]} type="add"/>
    2. Configure the plugin in your Starlight [configuration](https://starlight.astro.build/reference/configuration/#plugins) in the `astro.config.mjs` file.
        ```diff lang="js"
            // astro.config.mjs
            import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
            import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
        +   import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

            export default defineConfig({
                integrations: [
                    starlight({
        +               plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian()],
                        title: 'My Docs',
                    }),
                ],
            })
        ```
	3. Add the Obsidian Theme [content schema](https://docs.astro.build/en/guides/content-collections/#defining-a-collection-schema)
		to your pages to enable type checking on the page's frontmatter, you will need to
		define the `src/content/config.ts` file if it doesn't exist yet.
		```diff lang="ts"
		// content/docs/config.ts
		+	import { docsSchema } from '@astrojs/starlight/schema';
		+	import { defineCollection } from 'astro:content';
		+	import { pageThemeObsidianSchema } from 'starlight-theme-obsidian/schema';
		+
		+	export const collections = {
		+		docs: defineCollection({
		+			schema: docsSchema({
		+				extend: pageThemeObsidianSchema
		+			})
		+		})
		+	};
		```
    4. [Start the development server](https://starlight.astro.build/getting-started/#start-the-development-server) to preview the theme in action.
</Steps>

That's it! You should now see the Starlight Obsidian theme applied to your Starlight website.

You can now further configure the theme and the graph component in the sidebar by following the [configuration](/starlight-theme-obsidian/configuration/graph/) guide.

:::note
If you want to _disable_ the graph and backlinks components which are added by default, you can do so by applying the following settings:
```diff lang="js"
// astro.config.mjs
import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

export default defineConfig({
    integrations: [
        starlight({
            plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                   backlinks: false,
+                   graph: false
            })],
            title: 'My Docs',
        }),
    ],
})
```
:::
