docs/src/content/docs/configuration/graph.mdx, before:

---
title: Graph
description: Learn how to configure the graph component in the sidebar.
sidebar:
  order: 2
sitemap:
  pageTitle: Graph Configuration
---

This page provides information on how you can configure the graph component in the sidebar.

## General configuration

To configure the graph component in the sidebar, refer to the [Starlight Site Graph graph configuration](https://fevol.github.io/starlight-site-graph/configuration/graph) for more information.

## Examples
Some common examples are provided below to showcase how you might configure the graph component in the sidebar.

### Disable the graph on every page

```diff lang="js"
    // astro.config.mjs
    import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
    import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
    import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

    export default defineConfig({
        integrations: [
            starlight({
                plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                  graphConfig: {
+                       visibilityRules: []
+                  }
                })],
                title: 'My Docs',
            }),
        ],
    })
```


### Remove all quick actions from graph

```diff lang="js"
    // astro.config.mjs
    import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
    import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
    import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

    export default defineConfig({
        integrations: [
            starlight({
                plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                  graphConfig: {
+                       actions: []
+                  }
                })],
                title: 'My Docs',
            }),
        ],
    })
```

Commit message:

docs: add documentation for new graph/backlinks setting

docs/src/content/docs/configuration/graph.mdx, after:

---
title: Graph
description: Learn how to configure the graph component.
sidebar:
  order: 2
sitemap:
  pageTitle: Graph Configuration
---

This page provides information on how you can configure the graph component.

## Render

If you want to _disable_ the graph component, you can do so by setting `graph` to `false` in the plugin settings.

```diff lang="js"
    // astro.config.mjs
    import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
    import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
    import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

    export default defineConfig({
        integrations: [
            starlight({
                plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                  graph: false
                })],
                title: 'My Docs',
            }),
        ],
    })
```

## Component configuration

For configuration of the graph component itself, check out the [Starlight Site Graph graph configuration](https://fevol.github.io/starlight-site-graph/configuration/graph).

## Examples

### Make the current node larger

```diff lang="js"
    // astro.config.mjs
    import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
    import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
    import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

    export default defineConfig({
        integrations: [
            starlight({
                plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                  graphConfig: {
+                       nodeCurrentStyle: {
+                           shapeSize: 25
+                       }
+                  }
                })],
                title: 'My Docs',
            }),
        ],
    })
```

### Remove all quick actions from graph

```diff lang="js"
    // astro.config.mjs
    import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight'
    import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config'
    import starlightThemeObsidian from 'starlight-theme-obsidian'

    export default defineConfig({
        integrations: [
            starlight({
                plugins: [starlightThemeObsidian({
+                  graphConfig: {
+                       actions: []
+                  }
                })],
                title: 'My Docs',
            }),
        ],
    })
```
