docs/src/content/docs/examples/cards.mdx, before:

---
title: Cards
description: See how the cards are styled in the Starlight Obsidian theme.
---

import { Card, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'

## Single card

<Card title="In consectetur diam">
  Donec sollicitudin dolor et sollicitudin efficitur. Nullam semper posuere
  lacinia.
</Card>

## Cards in a grid

<CardGrid>
  <Card title="Lorem" icon="star">
    Fusce ornare ante est.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Ipsum" icon="moon">
    Suspendisse ac tincidunt.
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Staggered cards in a grid

<CardGrid stagger>
  <Card title="Lorem" icon="star">
    Fusce ornare ante est.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Ipsum" icon="moon">
    Suspendisse ac tincidunt.
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Single link card

<LinkCard
  title="In consectetur diam"
  description="Donec sollicitudin dolor et sollicitudin efficitur"
  href="#"
/>

## Link cards in a grid

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard title="Fusce ornare ante est" href="#" />
  <LinkCard title="Suspendisse ac tincidunt" href="#" />
</CardGrid>


---

## Official Documentation

<CardGrid>
    <LinkCard title="Cards Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/cards/" />
    <LinkCard title="Link Cards Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/link-cards/" />
    <LinkCard title="Cards Grid Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/card-grids/" />
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

docs: improve attribution for pages docs: add additional resources that integrate well with the theme docs: improve wording in several places

docs/src/content/docs/examples/cards.mdx, after:

---
title: Cards
description: See how the cards are styled in the Starlight Obsidian theme.
---

[//]: # (This example is largely based on the one found in the Starlight Rapide theme, all credits go to HiDeoo!)

import { Card, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'

## Single card

<Card title="In consectetur diam">
  Donec sollicitudin dolor et sollicitudin efficitur. Nullam semper posuere
  lacinia.
</Card>

## Cards in a grid

<CardGrid>
  <Card title="Lorem" icon="star">
    Fusce ornare ante est.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Ipsum" icon="moon">
    Suspendisse ac tincidunt.
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Staggered cards in a grid

<CardGrid stagger>
  <Card title="Lorem" icon="star">
    Fusce ornare ante est.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Ipsum" icon="moon">
    Suspendisse ac tincidunt.
  </Card>
</CardGrid>

## Single link card

<LinkCard
  title="In consectetur diam"
  description="Donec sollicitudin dolor et sollicitudin efficitur"
  href="#"
/>

## Link cards in a grid

<CardGrid>
  <LinkCard title="Fusce ornare ante est" href="#" />
  <LinkCard title="Suspendisse ac tincidunt" href="#" />
</CardGrid>


---

## Official Documentation

<CardGrid>
    <LinkCard title="Cards Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/cards/" />
    <LinkCard title="Link Cards Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/link-cards/" />
    <LinkCard title="Cards Grid Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/card-grids/" />
</CardGrid>
