docs/src/content/docs/examples/code-blocks.mdx, before:

---
title: Code Blocks
description: See how the code blocks are styled in the Starlight Obsidian theme.
---

import { CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'


## Markdown code block

```js
const foo = 'bar'
```

## `<Code>` component

import { Code } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'

<Code code="const foo = 'bar'" lang="js" />

## Text markers

```js {2}
function test() {
  const foo = 'bar'
}
```

```js "function" ins="foo" del="bar"
function test() {
  const foo = 'bar'
}
```

## Diff

```diff lang="js"
  function test() {
-   const foo = 'bar'
+   const foo = 'baz'
  }
```

## File name

```js
// test.js
const foo = 'bar'
```

## Terminal window

```bash title="Doing something…"
pnpm run thing
```

---

## Official Documentation

<CardGrid>
    <LinkCard title="Component Code Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/code/" />
    <LinkCard title="Markdown Code Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/guides/authoring-content/#code-blocks" />
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

docs: improve attribution for pages docs: add additional resources that integrate well with the theme docs: improve wording in several places

docs/src/content/docs/examples/code-blocks.mdx, after:

---
title: Code Blocks
description: See how the code blocks are styled in the Starlight Obsidian theme.
---

[//]: # (This example is largely based on the one found in the Starlight Rapide theme, all credits go to HiDeoo!)

import { CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'


## Markdown code block

```js
const foo = 'bar'
```

## `<Code>` component

import { Code } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'

<Code code="const foo = 'bar'" lang="js" />

## Text markers

```js {2}
function test() {
  const foo = 'bar'
}
```

```js "function" ins="foo" del="bar"
function test() {
  const foo = 'bar'
}
```

## Diff

```diff lang="js"
  function test() {
-   const foo = 'bar'
+   const foo = 'baz'
  }
```

## File name

```js
// test.js
const foo = 'bar'
```

## Terminal window

```bash title="Doing something…"
pnpm run thing
```

---

## Official Documentation

<CardGrid>
    <LinkCard title="Component Code Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/code/" />
    <LinkCard title="Markdown Code Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/guides/authoring-content/#code-blocks" />
</CardGrid>
