docs/src/content/docs/examples/tabs.mdx, before:

---
title: Tabs
description: See how the tabs are styled in the Starlight Obsidian theme.
---

import { Tabs, TabItem, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Lorem">
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce ornare ante
    est, eget molestie arcu euismod eu. Suspendisse ac tincidunt tellus, sed
    vehicula eros.
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Ipsum">
    Nam condimentum, lorem eget scelerisque pellentesque, arcu sapien fringilla
    ligula, eget dictum lectus odio in mi.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

<Tabs>

<TabItem label="npm" icon="seti:npm">

```sh
npm install starlight-theme-obsidian
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="pnpm" icon="pnpm">

```sh
pnpm add starlight-theme-obsidian
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Yarn" icon="seti:yarn">

```sh
yarn add starlight-theme-obsidian
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

---

## Official Documentation

<CardGrid>
    <LinkCard title="Tabs Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/tabs/" />
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

docs: improve attribution for pages docs: add additional resources that integrate well with the theme docs: improve wording in several places

docs/src/content/docs/examples/tabs.mdx, after:

---
title: Tabs
description: See how the tabs are styled in the Starlight Obsidian theme.
---

[//]: # (This example is largely based on the one found in the Starlight Rapide theme, all credits go to HiDeoo!)

import { Tabs, TabItem, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components'

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Lorem">
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Fusce ornare ante
    est, eget molestie arcu euismod eu. Suspendisse ac tincidunt tellus, sed
    vehicula eros.
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem label="Ipsum">
    Nam condimentum, lorem eget scelerisque pellentesque, arcu sapien fringilla
    ligula, eget dictum lectus odio in mi.
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

<Tabs>

<TabItem label="npm" icon="seti:npm">

```sh
npm install starlight-theme-obsidian
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="pnpm" icon="pnpm">

```sh
pnpm add starlight-theme-obsidian
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem label="Yarn" icon="seti:yarn">

```sh
yarn add starlight-theme-obsidian
```

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

---

## Official Documentation

<CardGrid>
    <LinkCard title="Tabs Documentation" href="https://starlight.astro.build/components/tabs/" />
</CardGrid>
